README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Advice Generator App

[Design preview for the Advice Generator details form coding challenge](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Click here for the live version [Vercel App](https://advice-generator-app-brendantrinh8.vercel.app/)
Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.



## The challenge

Your challenge is to build out this Advice Generator App and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

You can use any tools you like to help you complete the challenge. So if you've got something you'd like to practice, feel free to give it a go.

Your users should be able to: 

Click on the the button to generate a random advice

### Expected behaviour

- The webpage will load with a randomly generated advice.
- When the dice button is clicked it will load with another randomly generated advice.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- Javascript
- Api calls

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.**


## Author

- Github - [@Brendantrinh8](https://github.com/brendantrinh8/)


## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**

Commit message:

fixed format for media and added hover btn xf

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Advice Generator App

[Design preview for the Advice Generator details form coding challenge](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Click here for the live version [Vercel App](https://advice-generator-app-brendantrinh8.vercel.app/)
Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

[Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io) challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## The challenge

The challenge of this project is to build out an Advice Generator App and get it looking as close to the design as possible.

When the user clicks on the the button an advice is randomly generated from an API.

### Expected behaviour

- The webpage will load with a randomly generated advice.
- When the dice button is clicked it will load with another randomly generated advice.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile media format
- Javascript
- Api calls

## Author

- Github - [@Brendantrinh8](https://github.com/brendantrinh8/)
